# The GTFS-Madrid-Bench

We present the GTFS-Madrid-Bench, a benchmarking for virutal knowledge graph access in the transport domain. We use the de-facto standard model for publishing open data on web, GTFS, and we scale up and distribute the original dataset in several formats and sizes. This repository contains the following resources:

- Data: we have generated from several datasets(GTFS-[1,5,10,50,100,500]) in multiple formats (CSV, JSON, XML, SQL, MongoDB). The preparation script will download all these datasets and generate a docker-image for each dataset which is contained in a database (MySQL and MongoDB). All the datasets generated by this benchmark have to follow the license of the Consorcio Regional de Transporte de Madrid: https://www.crtm.es/licencia-de-uso?lang=en
- Generation: If any practicioner or developer want to create datasets with other scale values all the resources are available.
- Queries: 18 queries increasing in terms of complexity.
- Mappings: 1 R2RML mapping document, 7 RML mapping document, 1 xR2RML mapping document, 1 YARRRML mapping and 1 CSVW annotations
- Engines: docker-compose with all the tested engines and running scripts


## Steps for using the Madrid-GTFS-Bench

1. If the datasets generated by us are enough for your testing:
	1. Go to the Data folder and read the instructions there to prepare the data in your local machine
2. If you want to generate other sizes from the input dataset:
	1. Go to the Generation folder and read the instructions to generate and distribute the data with the scale you need.
	2. Go to point 1 (you have to modify data-preparation.sh in order to add your generated datasets)
3. Go to the mappings folder and select the files needed for your engine
4. Go to the query folder and get the queries inside the VIG folder.
5. If you have a docker image of your engine go to the engines folder and add it to the docker-compose.yml. Note that you have to follow the same configuration as the other engines (i.e., sharred volumes of data, results, mappings and queries) to be accesible your engine.
6. Prepare your run script and obtain the results. Examples of these scripts are provided inside each engine folder.

## Baseline with Virtuoso:
We provide 

## Authors

- David Chaves-Fraga
- Freddy Priyatna
- Jhon Toledo
- Edna Ruckhaus
- Andrea Cimmino
- Oscar Corcho

Ontology Engineering Group, October 2019
